hello I am Maria Vegas and let me tell
you what we're gonna do today
we are going to do cream of chicken
which sounds interesting again we're
going to do chicken with cream see if
you turn it around and you name it
chicken with cream with pasta or I'll
tell you some other ways to use it if
you don't want all the carbs
but it's still going to come out awesome
because you can't go wrong with heavy
cream right okay here we go
sound familiar hot skillet butter half a
stick of butter that's about a half a
stick of butter maybe a little more but
you know what so what okay we're going
to melt that same thing
swirl it around get that risco and
exercise that rest okay we're going to
salt and pepper our chicken I am using
chicken thighs we're going to cook this
until the chicken gets really nice and
brown and then just a few more steps and
you're going to have dinner okay so see
the chicken is nice and cooked through
nice and brown on the edges you got a
lot of chicken and bottle love going on
in a skillet so we're going to season it
just a little bit more just to make sure
we don't want anything to taste like
hospital food right okay then we're
going to hit it with some garlic are you
surprised
we're gonna stir that around oh yeah oh
yeah garlic moves my soul put the heavy
cream in oh yeah it's about a cup okay
we're going to let this reduce
we're going to reduce this by half which
means in about five minutes we will have
half of this liquid okay we have diced
Parmesan we're going to take this off
the heat and what we're going to do
we're going to mix this around and it
will melt it was easier for me to dice
it than it was for me to shred it oh yes
indeed honey creamy cheesy chicken and I
put some fresh spinach around the edge
of the pasta because it's pretty and
it's healthy because as you can see you
got a lot of the same color going on
then we chop some fresh chives put it on
there happy new year
you